-
-
- #arron-issue
	- Dear Arron,
		- What you said to me was absolutely fucked and uncalled for. To have you question the integrity of my partner and myself is completely out of line. The fact that you thought it was worth it to put our relationship on the line as brothers says a lot. You didn't give a shit about the advice you were giving, you just wanted to feel better and superior.
-
	- In therapy I've been struggling a lot with my relationship with money. The way dad brought us up has put me in a bad spot. Not in a way where I'm in debt, because I'm not, but in a way that I have extreme anxiety about every single thing I do. But I've been working through that. This weekend with you going out of your way to pay for everything was aggressive, but I thought that was just you being you, it did still make me upset.
	-
		- With you trying to be a "father figure" here, you made me see dad. You made me see his disappointment with me. Despite being successful here, you made sure to make it known that I'm not. That I'm just the same person I was when Dad died: broke and a waste of space. Fuck you. Fuck you Arron. I am successful. I can survive on my own. I can afford a fucking dinner for my girlfriend and brother.
	-
		- To have you sit on your high horse of "integrity" is rich. You just went to a fucking Catholic church. Did you pray for gay people to die? How many gay people do you want to commit suicide? How many little children do you want to get raped in then name of your fucking ghost in the clouds? Do you rejoice when you see news of unmarked graves being found with thousands of indigenous children in them, all killed in the name of the self-righteous Catholic Church? You donated money at church, didn't you? Gave money to continue that awful organization? Teaching fucking CHILDREN about some fantasy, about how they should hate themselves. You signed up for fucking CCD and you think it's some kind of fun little way of giving back. Don't you fucking dare talk about integrity to me. You pray the integrity away every time you think about your hate-filled God.