- Here's what I will do because I know this is all very short notice. 
  
  Up until Tuesday, April 4th, business as usual. After Tuesday, I will not be creating or modifying any features of ISTA.
  
  
  New developers can be found on freelancing sites like UpWork or LinkedIn Talent Solutions. I'm happy to help review profiles to see if they have the qualifications required to meet the needs of ISTA up until April 14th. This should not exceed more than 5 hours in total time for myself. I will not be available to interview developers. I will not assume any responsibility for the chosen developer.
  
  Additionally, I will make myself available to a new developer you find for urgent matters. 
  
  But there's terms to that availability:
  * I will not be writing code, building or managing features new or old
  * I will only be available by email
  * I will only make myself available until April 30th
  * This is only for urgent issues (accessing a server, understanding what tooling is setup, not being able to decode a certain flow, etc.) and should not be used for things that are able to be figured out using Google or online documentation (how PHP or Rails works, for example)
  * The work required to assist the new developer should not exceed 5 hours in total time
  
  I will answer questions sent up until April 30th but may not be available to answer questions immediately. Starting May 1st, I will be unavailable to help with any and all ISTA work so I can focus 100% on my health issues.
  
  All of the above will be done without charge.
  
  Please let me know if you agree to this.
-