- Felt like an asshole driving. I took a different route than I normally do and was going to slow at times, missing exits, merging dangerously/poorly. I don't know how I got so off but it shook my confidence a bit in my driving skills.
- #organization #digital-organization
	- Inbox (Things to organize later)
	- Work
	  collapsed:: true
		- Job
			- Current
			- Old
		- Freelance
			- Current
			- Old
	- Projects
	  collapsed:: true
		- Current
		- Old
	- Personal
	  collapsed:: true
		- Notes
		- Keepsakes
		- Hobbies
			- Current
			- Old
		- Learning
			- Current
			- Old
	- TODO Life / Audit Bucket
	  collapsed:: true
		- TODO Finance
			- TODO Budget
			- TODO Year ...
		- TODO Receipts
			- TODO Car
			- TODO Home
			- TODO Year ...
		- TODO Immigration
- #mardi-list
	- https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/tdt23m/gotta_keep_distance_for_a_nucleic_acid_test/
- After the call last night I'm a little upset with how I feel that Mardi is "ranking" me in her life. I don't expect to be first, but I definitely expect not to be last, and it constantly feels like I'm last.
	- Planning a trip for her to visit Quebec, I had to ask for a full weekend. I couldn't even get a full week from her and I had to push for her to not leave on Saturday.
	- Again with trip planning, when we were planning to go to Georgina, it felt like I was having to beg to spend a long weekend with her. Two nights in a row seemed like a big ask. Why?
	- Two different trips I talked about us doing together later this year:
		- "with your vacation days, keep in mind that I'd really like for you to come to Omaha this year" "yeah, but what if we breakup"
			- I didn't ask her to book a plane ticket, I asked her to keep that in mind
		- "Maybe we could go on a trip to Italy?"
			- "I'm going to New Zealand with friends"
			- So right there, I'm the back up
			- No prior discussion with me about going her going to New Zealand with friends
			- I obviously have no issue with her going on a trip with friends
			- But in the entirety of our relationship, we've had to put normal relationship things on hold
			- For her there was no excitement to _us_ doing something together. Everything else comes before this relationship
			- I've been dreaming of us being able to just have a normal relationship
			- But I don't know what she's dreaming of?
				- Just getting her mom off of back?
		- Her default position is just us breaking up
		- I'm fine with planning for the worst, hoping for the best, but I'm not seeing that hoping from her
- tags:: [[finance]], [[wish list]], [[things]] 
  item:: MX Keys Mini Keyboard
  cost:: 150
  why:: More portable than my current keyboard
  when:: This summer
- tags:: [[finance]], [[wish list]], [[things]] 
  item:: Small backpack
  cost:: $130
  why:: For a personal item on Swoop/Flair flights
  when:: May